Tempo 1.4 release notes (#1416)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/release-notes/v1-4.md

- [PR 1227](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1227) A new ingestion endpoint was added to the ingesters in Tempo 1.4 to support faster search and proper start/end times on blocks. Please rollout all ingesters before rolling the distributors to prevent downtime. Also, during this period, the ingesters will use considerably more resources and should be scaled up (or incoming traffic should be heavily throttled). Once all distributors and ingesters have rolled performance will return to normal. Internally we have observed ~1.5x CPU load on the ingesters during the rollout.

- [PR 1350](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1350) A few querier options were moved while adding hedging to external endpoints.
  ```yaml
  querier:
  search_query_timeout: 30s
  search_external_endpoints: []
  search_prefer_self: 2
  ```
  was relocated to
  ```yaml
  querier:
  search:
      query_timeout: 30s
      prefer_self: 2
      external_endpoints: []
  ```

- [PR 1297](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1297) Updated the vult to test full backend search and as a result dropped the CLI parameter `tempo-search-retention-duration`.

## Bug fixes

### 1.4.0 bug fixes

> - [PR 1390](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1390) In some cases Azure "Blob Not Found" errors were not correctly handled by Tempo. 
> 
> - [PR 1314](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1314) Fixes the issues where block start/end times were based on trace ingestion instead of actual trace start/end times.
> 
> - [PR 1387](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1387) Prevents a data race / ingester crash during searching by trace id.
> 
> - [PR 1372](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1372) Fix spurious "failed to mark block compacted during retention" errors.
> 
> - [PR 1379](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1379) Fix error message "Writer is closed" by resetting compression writer correctly on the error path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PR 1390](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1390) Correct the handling of Azure "Blob Not Found" errors. 

- [PR 1314](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1314) Correct block start and end times to be based on actual trace start/end times, instead of on trace ingestion times.

- [PR 1387](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1387) Eliminate a data race and ingester crash during search by trace ID.

- [PR 1389](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1389) Eliminate spurious "failed to mark block compacted during retention" errors.

- [PR 1379](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/1379) Eliminate an error with the message "Writer is closed" by resetting the compression writer correctly on the error path.
```
